Update with COOP Reporting API (#3797)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/coop-coep/index.md

For example:

```http
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp; report-to="coep_report"
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin; report-to="coop_report"
```
When the browser encounters this, it will cross reference the `report-to` value
with the `group` property on the `Report-To` header to look up the endpoint.
This example cross references on both `coep_report` and `coop_report` to find
the endpoint `https://first-party-test.glitch.me/report`.

If you prefer to receive reports without blocking any embedded content or
isolate a popup window, append `-Report-Only` to respective headers: i.e.
`Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy-Report-Only` and
`Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy-Report-Only`. For example:

```http
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy-Report-Only: require-corp; report-to="coep_report"
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy-Report-Only: same-origin; report-to="coop_report"
```

By doing this, when the browser detects cross origin resources that don't have
CORP or CORS, it sends a report using the Reporting API without actually
blocking those resources because of COEP.

Similarly, when the browser opens a cross-origin popup window, it sends a report

> without actually isolating the window because of COOP.

Reviewer: Note that it also sends reports when two windows that would be placed in different browsing context groups try to access each other. This only works in report-only mode.

Reviewer: Thanks Eiji! It looks good.

Author: - `This only works in report-only mode` : Is this an interim behavior? 
- `try to access each other`: Any example behaviors?

Reviewer: This is not an interim behavior. Making this work in enforcement mode adds a lot of complexity to the code base.

Example:
A page on a.com opens a popup on b.com with COOP report-only same-origin. We get a report for browsing context switch. If the popup does something like window.opener.PostMessage(...), it wouldn't work if we had enforced COOP. With reporting-only mode, we will  get another report that will list the script name and location where the access happened.

Author: Got it. Confirmed it emits an error report:

```
[ { age: 51785,
    body:
     { columnNumber: 18,
       disposition: 'reporting',
       effectivePolicy: 'same-origin',
       lineNumber: 83,
       property: 'postMessage',
       sourceFile: 'https://first-party-test.glitch.me/popup.js',
       type: 'access-from-coop-page-to-openee' },
    type: 'coop',
    url:
     'https://first-party-test.glitch.me/coop?report-only&coop=same-origin&',
    user_agent:
     'Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/87.0.4246.0 Safari/537.36' },
  { age: 51785,
    body:
     { disposition: 'reporting',
       effectivePolicy: 'same-origin',
       property: 'postMessage',
       type: 'access-to-coop-page-from-openee' },
    type: 'coop',
    url:
     'https://first-party-test.glitch.me/coop?report-only&coop=same-origin&',
    user_agent:
     'Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/87.0.4246.0 Safari/537.36' } ]
```

Author: Address your feedback. Please check again: https://deploy-preview-3797--web-dev-staging.netlify.app/coop-coep/

Reviewer: Thanks! Just to note, it's not just for PostMessages though. Any usage of a cross-origin property of the WindowProxies will generate a report.

Author: Got approval from Paris. Resolving.

Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin; report-to="coop_report"
```
When the browser encounters this, it will cross reference the `report-to` value
with the `group` property on the `Report-To` header to look up the endpoint.
This example cross references on both `coep_report` and `coop_report` to find
the endpoint `https://first-party-test.glitch.me/report`.

If you prefer to receive reports without blocking any embedded content or
isolate a popup window, append `-Report-Only` to respective headers: i.e.
`Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy-Report-Only` and
`Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy-Report-Only`. For example:

```http
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy-Report-Only: require-corp; report-to="coep_report"
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy-Report-Only: same-origin; report-to="coop_report"
```

By doing this, when the browser detects cross origin resources that don't have
CORP or CORS, it sends a report using the Reporting API without actually
blocking those resources because of COEP.

Similarly, when the browser opens a cross-origin popup window, it sends a report
without actually isolating the window because of COOP. When on report-only mode,

> sending and receiving a `postMessage()` also emit a report.

Reviewer 2: I understand this as postMessage being the only cross window access that can trigger a report, where in fact most of them would. (Camille mentions this in her last comment)

Author: @ParisMeuleman Looks like you are looking at an old commit. Can you take a look at this one instead? https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/pull/3797/files#diff-319af7efaafc2eb017481440c77c25eaR339

Reviewer 3: Thanks Eiji, LGTM

The `group` property names your various reporting endpoints. Use these names to
direct a subset of your reports. For instance, in the
`Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy` and `Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy` directives you
can specify the relevant endpoint by providing the group name to `report-to=`.
For example:

```http
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy: require-corp; report-to="coep_report"
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin; report-to="coop_report"
```
When the browser encounters this, it will cross reference the `report-to` value
with the `group` property on the `Report-To` header to look up the endpoint.
This example cross references on both `coep_report` and `coop_report` to find
the endpoint `https://first-party-test.glitch.me/report`.

If you prefer to receive reports without blocking any embedded content or

> isolate a popup window, append `-Report-Only` to respective headers: i.e.

Reviewer 4: The second item in this sentence isn't clear. Are you wanting to receive reports without isolating a popup window, or are you wanting to isolate a popup window?

`Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy-Report-Only` and
`Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy-Report-Only`. For example:

```http
Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy-Report-Only: require-corp; report-to="coep_report"
Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy-Report-Only: same-origin; report-to="coop_report"
```

By doing this, when the browser detects cross origin resources that don't have
CORP or CORS, it sends a report using the Reporting API without actually
blocking those resources because of COEP.

Similarly, when the browser opens a cross-origin popup window, it sends a report
without actually isolating the window because of COOP. It also reports when

> different browsing context groups try to access each other (only on
> "report-only" mode).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
different browsing context groups try to access each other, but only in
"report-only" mode.
```

The endpoint must accept CORS if it's hosted on a different origin. The browser
will send reports with a Content-Type of `application/reports+json`.

An example COEP report payload when cross-origin resource is blocked looks like
this:

```json
[{
  "age": 25101,
  "body": {

>     "blocked-url": "https://third-party-test.glitch.me/check.svg?",

Reviewer 5: Can we have a note saying that blocked-url will be removed soon, so it's recommended to use blockedURL?

Alternatively it may be good to omit blocked-url.

The endpoint must accept CORS if it's hosted on a different origin. The browser
will send reports with a Content-Type of `application/reports+json`.

An example COEP report payload when cross-origin resource is blocked looks like
this:

```json
[{
  "age": 25101,
  "body": {
    "blocked-url": "https://third-party-test.glitch.me/check.svg?",
    "blockedURL": "https://third-party-test.glitch.me/check.svg?",
    "destination": "image",
    "disposition": "enforce",
    "type": "corp"
  },
  "type": "coep",
  "url": "https://first-party-test.glitch.me/?coep=require-corp&coop=same-origin&",
  "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/87.0.4249.0 Safari/537.36"
}]
```

{% Aside 'caution' %}
`blocked-url` is there for backward compatibility only and will be removed

> eventually.

Reviewer 4: Can you link to a Chrome Status entry? If work hasn't been started yet, maybe link to a PR for a spec change. 

This is the first time in six years I've done anything other than replace a link to a spec change. We shouldn't say what we're going to do in the absence of information that says we will do it.

Reviewer 5: I thought this change was subtle enough to skip the intent process. Do we need to send an intent to ship for this change? The merged spec PR is https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/5848.
